the "tower-plots" are sorted top down in decreasing order of the longest IBD segment.

run-down of what should happen:
parse the IBD file for a given chromosome
sort the list s.t. the largest IBD segments come first.
take the N largest entries
load the relevant ancestries, loading them into a map Name -> Individual
traverse the list of IBD entries, for each entry:
    look up the relevant ancestries
    determine the common ancestry data
    generate some kind of Match object that is a product of the IBD entry and
    the "common ancestry object" (should I choose to write one; probably not
    necessasry).
    collect the match objects in a list
make the plot of the match objects
save the plot
exit.

A problem: we need some way of indicating if the haplotypes are phased. What I
mean is, for an individual ``I'' who is diploid, there're two haplotypes, A
and B: we need to test A_I and B_I against A_J and B_J, distributively (for a
total of four tests). If it turns out that the commonality occurs between an A
and a B, then that needs to be shown in the plot somehow, perhaps by a
different tinting or something.

ACTUALLY NO! I just have to check against the haplotypes for the IBD segment!
The IBD file tells me which haplotypes are involved in the segment, so there's
no point in checking the other haplotypes. See the locations file for details.




It should be that in the IBD regions, the local ancestries match up very well, 
since they have similar genotypes. Because the data is unphased, however, 
the haplotypes in the IBD data may not match up with the ones from the 
local ancestry data. Because of this the plots look nasty, and aren't very
informative. I need to ask Soheil whether the local ancestry identification
tried to do any corrections, or whether the IBD was performed from the output 
of the local ancestry (how is the pipeline working exactly).

Maybe change the plotting backend to produce eps files, so that they can
nicely be embedded in latex.

Also, there seems to be a bug currently, as sometimes the IBD region extends
all the way to the right in the figure, despite being correctly aligned...
